---
layout: post
title:  Munich, Mostly Day One
date:   2016-08-18 00:45:00 -0000
tags: Munich
---

We're going to revisit Spain, and make it's on post. Tl;dr? Tapas and wine.

But, I wanted to try to actually get in the habit of blogging more quickly, so wanted to get up a quick post about Munich.

We arrived in Munich pretty late -- our flight landed at 10:15pm. It turns out, our hotel was way to hell away from the airport, so it took us a little while to figure out public transit and actually get there. All we'd eaten was a small tapa at a bar in La Guardia for lunch (more on that later, pinky swear), and McDonalds at the Madrid airport. I have to say, I probably wind up eating McDonalds at least once every time I'm abroad, because when you're gone for so long you kind of just want one or two meals you don't want to have to think about. Chicken nugs? Same around the world. 

Our flight was a little rough turbulence-wise, but largely uneventful. One thing that stood out was that they didn't check our passport at all going through security, which I thought was bizarre. But don't worry, there were plenty of soldiers with automatic weapons at the end. For as much as guns are standard fare in the US, you don't really see military/police with automatic weapons in day to day situations all too often, so it's a bit unnerving every time I come across it. 

Once we got to our (pretty nice, especially for 74 euros/night) hotel, we dropped off our bags and made our way down to the bar, as it was open 24/7 and did little ham and cheese toasties. We each got one, and Ryan ordered a beer while I ordered water. The bartender promptly made fun of me for ordering water at 12:30, and I opted to add on a wheat beer as well, because apparently D.A.R.E's lessons about peer pressure didn't seek in. (Just kidding, pretty sure I never took D.A.R.E. The joys of moving around and different places doing different things in different grades. Speaking of D.A.R.E, everyone should go read this article about [an Omaha guy who accidentally ate four pot brownies and started calling his cat names.](http://www.omaha.com/news/metro/omaha-dad-finds-pot-brownies-eats-of-them-says-mean/article_385099cc-649c-11e6-86a8-4728d60cb7fe.html) Trust me, way better reading than what I did in Munich today. I'll wait.)

Back? Cool. Lesson learned, don't be a greedy asshole and eat four brownies in apparently quick enough succession to not catch on that there's pot in them, or you'll hurt your cats feelings and give the Omaha World Herald a traffic bump. 

Anyway. We ate our toasties, drank our beer, and tucked into bed….and slept until noon. The Spanish late night lifestyle was definitely catching up to us. We woke up, and made out in search of some Bavarian food. We found a place near a cathedral, which I always kind of like, considering a favorite honeymoon memory is splitting a bottle of wine at the base of this HUGE cathedral in Florence at this bar that had weird 90s pop music videos playing. 

The food was decent – I got some wurst with kraut and potato salad, and Ryan got goulash with a bread dumpling – but nothing to write home about, especially for the price. After, we went into the cathedral, which was definitely something to write home about – the stained glass was just amazing. However, there were no English translations, and my phone wouldn’t work in Germany (apparently Three is adding them next month, ugh), so I was starting to feel a little grumpy I couldn’t Google to answer my questions about the place. 

I’m currently reading All The Light We Cannot See, which is set in WWII Germany/France. One of the main characters is a blind girl, whose father made her a scale model of her neighborhood to help her learn it. So I was kind of delighted when, outside the catherdral, there was a scale model of Munich with braille on the streets and buildings. It felt like a bit of a happy coincidence. 

After, we walked over to the New Town Hall, though neither of knew what the hell we were in. It was cool, and the gothic architecture was really interesting – but not being able to do my googling there was my breaking point, and we left to find somewhere I can buy a SIM card. We did that, it took entirely too long, but was uninteresting. After, we continued to walk around that area a bit, and I lusted over the traditional dresses. (Maybe if I can find one that isn’t 200 euro, Ryan will let me but it?) We saw the Glockenspeil go off at 5pm, which is something I can now say I’ve done. The end. 

There was a little market with a bunch of stalls, and I came across some sort of butcher with a word that I couldn’t make out, and two pictures of horses on either side. I kind of laughed and was like “ha, maybe they should think about their mascot better, people who can’t speak German think they serve horse meat now.” Then I googled the word. Yeah, they definitely told horse meat. Also, apparently the word for “horse butcher” is like, one letter off from “horse manure,” which… isn’t comforting. 

We made our way to English park, which is a rather lovely park, with lots of waterways going through it. On one, the bridge creates this perfect little man made wave that basically functions as a surf machine, and people drop in and ride the wave for a bit. I’d kill to try it, but it looks like everyone doing it knew pretty well what they were doing. We continued to walk around the park, and stopped at a biergarden, where we ordered two beers – which were poured for us before we realized they didn’t take cards. We were totally prepared to leave the beers for the time it would take us to run to an ATM, but the guy working there was incredibly nice and told us to go drink the beers and enjoy the garden, then come back and pay later when we had cash. (Which we obviously did.)

We went back to our room for a bit, before heading out for another German meal – this time an onion and beer soup topped with pretzels, a pretzel with two types of cream cheese spreads, and a trio of dumplings. We’re obviously eating light here in Munich. That meal was phenomenal, and I can definitely say I do not discriminate against any dumplings, I love them all. 


