---
layout: post
title:  1400 Minutes of Spin, Minutes 60-90
date:   2017-12-01 15:07:00 -0000
tags: Food
---

I didn't get a ride in Saturday, which I feel a bit guilty about. I felt shockingly fine after a night out with our London crew, largely because I knew I had a lot on my plate this weekend, and had no time for laying on the couch questioning last night's decisions. But, I do seem to be fighting a cold, and had to make it up to Omaha to see Ira Glass speak (which was amazing). So, time was a little tight. 

This morning, I woke up still feeling a bit "meh." I'm not quite at a cold, but I can feel it lurking. Zicam is my BFF right now, because I have no time to be sick right now. 

So, with a head cold and five page research paper weighing on my concious, I knew I didn't have a ton of time to spend procrasti-cising, and would have to stick to a 30 minute ride today.

I signed up for the /r/pelotoncyle gift exchange, which asked who your favorite instructor is on the form. My match listed Jennifer Jacobs, who I hadn't tried yet. I figured that was as good as any to give her a shot.

I took her 30 minute Disco Ride from 11/20/17, because I'm a sucker for disco music and was feeling something a little more upbeat and silly. While I'm quickly learning there are no bad Peloton instructors, she wasn't my favorite. I'd say she takes a bit more of a subdued yet motivating approach to her class, tying in a lot of shout-outs and keeping things generally light and cheery. She seemed nice, but I kind of dig instructors with a bit more of a... bite, I suppose? to their teaching style. Give me an instructor with a little bit of sarcasm or an f-bomb or two, please. 

All in all, the ride added 30 minutes to my tally, had a decent playlist, and got me sweating. No complains here. 

Tomorrow I'm going to start Weight Watchers again, as I'm intrigued by their new plan that adds lean proteins to the 0 point food list. My biggest complaint was that they seemed to be doing little to discourage eating highly processed foods, but this seems like a big step in the right direction and I'm willing to give it a go.

I'm also hoping to get a 20 or 30 minute ride in before work, and we're actually doing a work spin class tomorrow evening. It won't count toward my Peloton 1,000 minutes, but it does count for my 1,400 minute overall goal!

If anyone wants to donate, fill out this form: http://bit.ly/2zSKTn0 