---
layout: post
title:  So, Do You Only Post When You Travel?
date:   2017-03-01 00:45:00 -0000
tags: Travel, Boston
---

...I guess. But don't worry, I'm traveling a lot in the next few months! So everyone that forgot I had a blog (like, er, me, I guess) can remember. 

Because I'm humanly incapable of not having at least three trips planned, I guess. Sorry not sorry.

As for now, I'm coming at you live from Boston. This will mark the fourth Hudl office I've visited, which only leaves Sydney (unless you count the tiny satellite offices, then I could be on the road for awhile). I started the trip with hanging out with Erin, Todd, and their baby, Lily, in Connecticut for about five days. We basically spent those days working as a team to keep the baby alive.

The baby was not on our team.

Don't worry, the baby is still alive. "Auntie Jess" drank a decent amount of wine, though.

After that, I headed out to Boston. Hudl's in the midst of our annual Skunkworks (think Google 20% time, if that's a more familiar concept for you), which generally isn't too heavy in actual testing, so I'm taking the chance to re-learn some HTML, and learn CSS. I also FINALLY got my application in for a Human Computer Interaction MS program, which is something I've kind of been dragging my feet on. Applying for a masters degree is a terrifying. Now I'm in the waiting game, which may be even worse -- I have to wait for people to get their letters of reccomendation in before the committee will even begin to look at my application, so I'll have to exercise a bit of patience. Which as about anyone who knows me knows, is not my strong suit.

The Boston office has every bit as welcoming and wonderful as every other Hudl office has been -- taking me to some delicious lunch spots (Pretty much all of which could be described as *ethnic food* chipotle. If you think that's a _complaint,_ you don't know me well enough.), making home-cooked meals for me (!)(I think I have some favors to return when they visit Lincoln), and organizing a Hudl Boston Ladies outing to go to Soul Cycle and get cocktails (as if there was ever a more "me" activity). Tomorrow, I plan to go to the oldest restaurant in Boston, and generally wander around and play tourist, before grabbing a bus back to Hartford in the afternoon, and flying back to Nebraska early as hell Friday morning.

So, that's been my life the last couple days. I'll try to be better about this, I promise.