---
layout: post
title:  I got a CSA and You Can Yuppy Hipster Too!
date:   2017-10-25 15:07:00 -0000
tags: Food
---

I'd been thinking about getting a CSA for awhile now. 

What's a CSA, you ask?

Don't worry, I googled it to make sure I got it right. CSA stands for "community supported agriculture." The way I explain it, it's like playing the stock market, but with crops. You give a farmer/group/etc some money for the season, and you get a share of whatever they produce. Maybe it's a little, maybe it's a lot. I tried searching for "CSA Horror Stories" to see the worst outcomes, but it turns out to most people, CSA stands for "Child Support Agency." So, uh -- I won't be digging through those links, thanks.

Back to the less depressing CSAs. I finally bit the bullet when I saw a local group (Community Crops) was doing a Fall/Winter CSA. As I said, I'd been into the CSA idea for ahwile, and while I've branched out on my veggie tastes in recent years, but I am still pretty "meh" when it comes to Fall produce.

Which basically comes down to "I don't like squash."

Anyway. I figured this would be a good way to broaden my veggie horizons, and also they promised me kale and eggs, so I was basically sold. I've only had one box, but... y'all.

Y'all.

This is the greatest thing ever. I'm required to get a lot more creative with my meal planning, and branch out to things I would've never thought to try. Also, the produce is top notch. My heaven consists of a year-round supply of their purple peppers and salad greens. I tried a turkey tenderloing stuffed with butternut squash, figs, and some other things. That was amazing, and I probably would've written it off because "meh squash."

I tried delicata squash roasted with some brown sugar and sriracha, then tossed with herbs and feta. I would've written that recipe off also because "meh squash," but instead I'll be dreaming of it forever. (Ryan was so kind as to ask if I'd like literally anything cooked that way, which... rude. It wasn't fried otherwise I'd probably say yes.)

I'm excited to see what the rest of the season will bring. It has all the benefits of forced branching out that Plated has, without a rotting head of lettuce sitting on my stoop on ice. 
