---
layout: post
title:  1400 Minutes of Spin, Day 1
date:   2017-12-01 15:07:00 -0000
tags: Food
---

December 1st, day one! Wee. 

If you missed it, I've committed to doing 1,400 minutes of spin in December to benefit Lincoln Girls Who Code. That shakes out to be about a 45 minute ride a day, which doesn't sound too tough until you factor in the fact that IT'S DECEMBER. If your December is anything less than insane, good on you. The holidays make for reallyyyy good excuses to skip workouts. 

However, some idiot decided to get a Peloton so that they could basically nix all their excuses. 

Who's idea was that?

(Mine, and I was committted to it. Ryan got a Google doc of my argument for getting the bike.)

For those who don't know, a Peloton is a nice and fancy spin bike that streams classes to a screen attached. The screen also displays your metrics -- resistence, cadence, and total output are the most important. It also has a Leaderboard, where you can ride against others who are also taking the class (if you take a live or encore class). I pretend I'm not competitive... and then I get in a situation like this. I was worried I wouldn't get as good of a workout as in studio, but that leaderboard motivates me like nothing else. 

Don't get me wrong, I still love love love the spin studio I've been going to for years. The instructors and owners are great, and it's really motivating. But between grad school and getting a puppy, I was beginning to see cracks in my routine. Making sure a bag was packed, I had food for the day, and leaving early in the morning was really wearing on me. Toss in a puppy that adds at least 30 minutes to any attempt to leave the house (and limits the amount of time I can be away from it), and it was just not happening. 

Anyway. It started by joining a Facebook group committing to riding 1,000 minutes in December. But my wheels started turning (HA), and I decided I wanted to do something a bit more with this. Lincoln Girls Who Code is an organization I helped found a few years ago, and it's been a great way to expose girls to STEM and encourage their interest in technology. We have big plans moving forward, but big plans require funding. This felt like a great way to raise funds for the organization -- I'll talk more about GWC in a future blog post, this one is already getting a little lengthy. 

So, these posts will be a mix of things that will make sense to Peloton users (reviews of the rides and instructors, mainly), as well as just general updates to how the challenge is going. 

Onward!