---
layout: post
title:  1400 Minutes of Spin, Minutes 1-60
date:   2017-12-01 15:07:00 -0000
tags: Food
---

I... was starting to wonder if I'd actually get to spin today. 

How lame would it be to not spin at all the first day of a challenge like this? Really, really lame. 

But! My squad got everything done we needed to do in our sprint (increment of time that means nothing to anyone outside of people of product teams), and I knew most people would go to the new hire happy hour starting at 3:30, so I didn't feel too guilty about leaving at 3:00 to make a 3:45 Live DJ ride with my favorite instructor thus far, Jess King.

I knew this was not going to be my best performance, because there were SO many delicious snacks at the office, and I have no willpower in the face of oreo balls. I've noticed sugar has a pretty obvious impact on my performance, so I figured today was more about kicking off this challenge and getting things done, rather than hanging out at the top of the leaderboard. 

So, things were fairly on track to make it to the 3:45 ride -- a branch (er -- basically a way of making a change to a website) that may have caused me to stay longer wound up being pushed back to the developer with some issues, so it was pretty obvious it wasn't going to go out today. (Deploying late on a Friday isn't something that's _encouraged_.)

On the way home... I got pulled over. My registration has been out of date for awhile, but we FINALLY got the renewal website to work, so we actually had just gotten it taken care of, thank God. Ryan had slacked me the receip, so When the officer walked up to my car, I was able to hand him my phone with the receipt. He gave me a warning and told me to get it renewed on time next time, and let me go on my way. (That probably could've gone without saying, like when my Dad tells me not to wreck the car when I borrow his. Like, obviously I'm not going to do that on purpose, but sure? Sorry Dad, hi!)

But, I made it just in time! This was my first Live DJ ride, which seem pretty popular, so I was excited to see what all the fuss was about.

It. Was. So. Fun.

DJ John Micheal was dancing up a storm, and you could tell he was really having a good time with anything. Jess King has quickly become a favorite instructor of mine. She has a pretty balanced focus on metrics and the music, and she always talks a bit about form. I'd never taken many spin classes that takes metrics into account, but upon starting with Peloton I figured out that my form had some issues that were impacting my output. I'm still working on improving my form (and getting some muscles used to a different riding position), so any awareness that the instructor can bring to that is SO helpful. 

Also, she says things like 'Think unicorns, think mermaids, think glitter, Beyonce, mimosas!' during the ride, which if anyone knows me they know that those are basically my favorite things. She gets me. (And like, 99.9% of 20-something girls in America, but let me have this, okay?)

For a live ride where I hid the leaderboard and purposefully just focused on getting it done, I was actually pretty satisfied with my ranking. I usually filter my leaderboard by females in their 20s, because my placement in a group of 20 or so is way more motivating to me than my placement in a group of 400. I came in 9th out of 20, when I usually hover around 3-4 in that group. So definitely worse than my average, but nothing to sneeze at considering I wasn't giving top effort. 

I followed that up with Robin's 15 minute warm-up ride, which was good. I mostly just wanted something low impact to get me to 60 minutes today, and it did the trick. I've only done one other Robin ride, and I was kind of meh about it. But, a lot of people list her as their favorite instructor, so I need to do more rides to give a fair review. She seems to have a bit of a reputation for a dirty mouth, which is something I can totally get behind. 

So! 60 minutes down. 1340 to go.

For those who have already donated, you are so, so, so great. Right now I have $410 pledged, which is insane for less than 24 hours. For any Peloton users out there, feel free to follow me at #Spin4STEM, which is my leaderboard name for at least the duration of this challenge.

If anyone wants to donate, fill out this form: http://bit.ly/2zSKTn0 