---
layout: post
title:  2018, A Year of Effort
date:   2017-12-30 15:07:00 -0000
tags: 
---

It's been -- as my husband said -- "trendy" lately to pick a "word of the year," as opposed to a resolution.

Because I am basic, I've obviously jumped onto that bandwagon. For 2017, the word was "intention." The thought was to approach every aspect of my life with intention, and making sure I'm making choices that serve myself and others. 

Sometimes I did will, sometimes I didn't. Because, you know... human. It's hard to be intentional about what you're going to eat for lunch when you're in the middle of trying to get some fixes out the door for work during the peak use time period of your product and you haven't gotten to the gym in days and you have that grad school group paper with that kid that's kind of a being a jerk you need to work on tonight and OH MY GOD HOW OFTEN DOES THIS PUPPY NEED TO GO OUT?! 

You get the picture. (Also, that run on sentence IS intentional, because that's actually a pretty accurate snapshot of my brain.)

I hadn't really given much thought about setting a word for 2018, but it kind of came to me today. I was back on my spin bike (after totally whiffing my goal for the month of December) for the first time in about a week, taking a mental note to google "why does it taste like blood when I do really hard cardio" while I was in the middle of a climb. And I thought about my goal to live with intent, and realized I really focused on the wrong element. 

I don't necessarily need to live with intent, I need to live with _effort_. 

Thus, my word for 2018 -- **effort.**

I kind of dig the idea of choosing a word for the year, vs. a set of goals, as then my goals can change month-to-month. But I think effort perfectly encapsulates some of what my life feels like it's missing in particular areas.

Sometimes, it'll be putting forth the effort to say no to something I feel like I should do for others, and to focus on my goals.

Other times, it means putting forth the effort to power through a workout even when it's hard and sucks. (Or to just get the damn workout done, period.)

It could mean saying no to another round of drinks I know is going to make the next morning (Fine, day. Stupid late 20s.) completely unproductive.

It could mean tossing a chicken breast and some veggies in the oven when pizza just sounds SO MUCH EASIER AND BETTER.

It could mean watching a lecture right after getting off work, instead of leaving them to pile up on Sunday night.

Whatever it means, it means not skating through 2018, and not feeling like I'm holding myself back. However, it's _not_ beating myself up, or getting angry at myself for not being able to give more than I'm able. It just means when I'm doing something, I'm doing it with effort.

To 2018. To effort.

